Add description of sendReportTo() to FLEDGE explainer (#576)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

Once the winning ad has rendered in its Fenced Frame, the seller and the winning buyer each have an opportunity to perform logging and reporting on the auction outcome.  The browser will call one reporting function in the seller's auction worklet and one in the winning buyer's bidding worklet.

_As a temporary mechanism,_ these reporting functions will be able to send event-level reports to their servers.  These reports can include contextual information, and can include information about the winning interest group if it is over an anonymity threshold.

> The worklet functions `reportWin()` and `reportResult()` may call a `sendReportTo()` API which takes a single string argument representing a URL. The URL will is fetched after the reporting worklet completes.  This fetch will happen synchronously, while the page with the ad is still open in the browser.

Reviewer: Could you also add any constraints on the `sendReportTo()` call? Example: It can be called only once from the reporting functions.

Author: Done

> The worklet functions `reportWin()` and `reportResult()` may call a `sendReportTo()` API which takes a single string argument representing a URL. The `sendReportTo()` function should be called exactly once during a worklet function's execution. The URL will is fetched after the reporting worklet completes.  This fetch will happen synchronously, while the page with the ad is still open in the browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The worklet functions `reportWin()` and `reportResult()` may call a `sendReportTo()` API which takes a single string argument representing a URL. The `sendReportTo()` function can be called at most once during a worklet function's execution. The URL is fetched when the frame displaying the ad begins navigating to the ad.
```

In the long term, we need a mechanism to ensure that the after-the-fact reporting cannot be used to learn the advertising interest group of individual visitors to the publisher's site — the same privacy goal that led to Fenced Frame rendering. The [Private Aggregation API](https://github.com/alexmturner/private-aggregation-api) proposal aims to satisfy this use case. Therefore event-level reporting is just a temporary model until an adequate reporting framework is settled and in place.

> 

Reviewer 2: We need to change the two references below to "network APIs" to instead reference `sendReportTo()`.  I'm wondering if we should leave the "5." section as high-level prose not getting into `sendReportTo()` specifics, and move the explanation of `sendReportTo()` down to the first "network APIs" references in "5.1", and then make "5.2" reference the explanation of `sendReportTo()` in section "5.1".  I don't feel strongly about where we put the explanation of `sendReportTo()`, but we should remove the reference to "network APIs".
